[Music]
hey Dave can you do a review of the Dell
seven five seven seven five seven seven
reveal wings I'm fine now so please
review it ASAP
hello I hear you're looking for an
Inspiron seven five seven seven video
okay this is not that laptop JK it is
I've had this for three weeks and I took
my time on this one because this is an
important device I feel like a lot of
people purchase this thing or the
Inspiron 7000 line and I wanted to make
sure that I kind of tested it fully
before I made this video okay this thing
for the uninitiated is the inexpensive
gaming laptop from Dell it's their
Inspiron 7000 line and this is their
third iteration of it when you have an
inexpensive gaming laptop there's got to
be something right there's you want to
find that one thing that the company cut
the corner on or did something weird
with to provide it at that price point
and these guys they nailed it this year
okay first of all let's talk about the
screen
last year they launched with a TN panel
that was unimpressive to say the least
this year this launches with an IPS
panel right off the bat and it's pretty
good it's not amazing it's a reasonably
color accurate screen with decent
brightness the viewing angles aren't
great especially for an IPS panel but
it's way better than the old TN panel
and actually slightly better than the
IPS panel that they used previously
there's a 4k panel option which I
obviously don't have but based on last
year's panel that was actually quite
good so if you do need higher resolution
I wouldn't be afraid to get that 4k
upgrade okay another thing we've added
is a Thunderbolt 3 port so they have all
the regular stuff use b3 a bunch of them
three of them Ethernet port SD card slot
and the Thunderbolt three port is nice
because this one's running four lanes of
PCIe so if you're plugging up an
external GPU to this thing you're
getting the maximum bandwidth they've
changed a few other things some for the
better some for the worse it's a design
refresh this one feels like it has some
alien where DNA creeping in the grille
is different I wouldn't say it's better
or worse from last year's I personally
like the design but every was gonna be a
little bit different the soft touch
material is gone it's not on the surface
it's not on the keyboard deck and
feel like that was a material that felt
and looked really cool when he first got
it but as you use the computer more and
more and it got gunky it was just weird
so I'm personally happy that they
removed it um the hinge is unchanged and
I didn't love the positioning of this
hinge even last year it's kind of closer
to the middle it makes it easier to
torque like if you open this laptop from
the side it that you just tend to torque
the screen a little bit more and every
time you do it if you do it hundreds or
thousands of times with the lifespan of
the laptop I don't know how will do for
the longevity of that hinge but last
year's hinges seem to hold up well so I
feel like this one will be the same the
screen in the top panel have a little
bit of flex to it nothing too bad but
the keyboard deck is rock-solid it does
not feel like a thousand dollar gaming
laptop it's metal and there's no play or
soft spots on this thing the corner down
here still bugs me so last year's 75-67
had the same kind of corner and
depending on your wrist positioning and
just how you kind of use your keyboard
this can be an issue it doesn't bother
me but if you have a very flat resting
position for your arm you might want to
watch out for that the keyboard itself
is good not amazing it's an inexpensive
gaming laptop so you're not gonna get
the best typing experience but it's not
bad the keystrokes are a little bit
short and I wish I had white
backlighting instead of this red stuff
the trackpad is also solid it's a
plastic surface but it uses Windows
precision drivers and the tracking is
good there's also a fingerprint sensor
on the power button this was actually
something I didn't expect they didn't
advertise this I didn't even see this at
the IFA announcement it might have been
a late addition to this thing but it's
awesome this thing works really quickly
and accurately to get you into Windows
webcam looks and sounds like this
nothing amazing I feel like the image
quality hasn't changed in like three
years it's not terrible but it's not
great getting inside the laptop is super
easy it's a single screw and when you
unscrew it off it actually stays on the
back panel there's a c-clip that holds
it in place
so you can't even lose a screw if you
wanted to inside we have a two and a
half inch hard drive bay this slot is
empty because I got an SSD with it but
it comes with the cable comes with a
caddy so I don't have to buy any of that
stuff if you want to add a hard drive to
it you have access to the SSD the one
that they include is actually really
fast the Wi-Fi card is good it's the
Intel 86 5 and you also have access to
the two RAM slots the
he's down here and it's smaller than
last year which was disappointing so
last year it was a 74 watt our battery
this year is 56 and I'm getting around
four and a half hours of battery life
screen at 215 it's okay I'm not sure why
they did this because the bigger battery
on last year's model is one of its best
features it's one of its like most
distinguishing features from all the
other gaming laptops that were available
that bigger battery was just like it was
like a six hour battery so you could go
through most of your day with just a
single charge this now puts it into the
you gotta bring a charger with you
laptops and I don't know that bombs me
out it is a gaming laptop so I can see
why they did it
but it's disappointing nonetheless
another thing that's changed this year
is that there's no sub so last year had
a sub right in the bottom of the laptop
which helped give it a little bit more
bass I didn't have amazing speakers but
they were pretty good this year the
speakers projects at the front again but
because there's no sub the bass is
lacking they sound good actually sound
better and just terms of audio clarity
the mids and the highs are just there's
just more body to that sound there's no
distortion but you definitely notice the
lack of bass thermal management on this
laptop is good the external temperature
is a good the internal temperatures are
good there's no throttling even during
long gaming sessions they did an
excellent job with the thermal
management the fan noise is also not bad
at idle the fans don't run and unload
it's still a quiet
okay let's talk performance and this is
probably the most important part of this
video this laptop is running at gtx 1060
max Q and a KB Lake i7 the 7700 HQ now
max q chips tend to run at lower clock
speeds both the core clock and the boost
clocks are slower but for whatever
reason on this laptop the boost clock is
actually quite high it's not as high as
a regular 1060 laptop but we're hitting
like 1645 megahertz which is really
really close now the performance I'm
getting from this thing is not as good
as a regular gtx 1060 because it's not
always gonna hit the maximum boost clock
but everything except for the most
demanding games will run really smoothly
with really high graphics quality now as
for the reason as to why they're able to
run their GPU a little bit faster i'm
not under present sure my theory is that
because thermal management is as good as
it is they're able to bump up that boost
clock and the
we'll take care of it but honestly I'm
not 100% sure but whatever the reason it
doesn't even matter because you're
getting a really fast laptop that's
gonna be faster than most gtx 1060 max-q
laptops out there and consumers win okay
if you're interested in this thing I
give it two thumbs up it's really like
there's not much a dislike about this
thing maybe the battery life that's
basically it
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs we liked it subs if you loved it
see you guys next time
[Music]